Functor transfer suggestions (#3)
GiudGiud/moose: framework/doc/content/source/transfers/MultiAppGeneralFieldTransfer.md

It is advised to keep the number of source mesh divisions the same as the number of target subapps for simplicity.

## Post-transfer extrapolation to uncovered target points

> When some target DOFs lie outside all source application domains, the transfer cannot

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When some target DOFs lie outside all source application domains, derived transfer classes may not be able to
```

Reviewer: NL does fine for example

provide values for them directly. The
[!param](/Transfers/MultiAppGeneralFieldNearestLocationTransfer/post_transfer_extrapolation)
parameter controls what happens to those DOFs after the main transfer completes.

- `none` (default): DOFs that did not receive a value are left unchanged. If
  [!param](/Transfers/MultiAppGeneralFieldUserObjectTransfer/extrapolation_constant) is set to a
  finite value, that constant is written to uncovered DOFs during the transfer.

- `nearest-valid-target`: After the main transfer, each uncovered DOF is assigned the value
  of its nearest already-covered neighbor on the target mesh. The search walks the immediate

>   element neighborhood (adjacent nodes for nodal variables, adjacent elements for elemental

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  element neighborhood (adjacent nodes for nodal variables, adjacent element centroid for constant monomial elemental
```

Author: I think the current wording is better. We traverse over adjacent elements looking for valid degree of freedom values associated with the element. Element dof values generally don't have a connection with the element vertex average; we just choose to draw an association between them and the vertex average for geometric search purposes in these transfers. I think the geometric element vertex average part of this is captured on the previous line where we say "nearest"

Reviewer: ok works for me either way
